---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oystehr_zambda Resource - Oystehr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oystehr_zambda (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Zambda function.
- `runtime` (String) The runtime of the Zambda function.

### Optional

- `memory_size` (Number) The memory size allocated for the Zambda function in MB.
- `schedule` (Attributes) The schedule for the Zambda function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `source` (String) The pre-bundled source code of the Zambda function.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout for the Zambda function in seconds.
- `trigger_method` (String) The trigger method for the Zambda function.

### Read-Only

- `file_info` (Attributes) Information about the uploaded file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_info))
- `id` (String) The ID of the Zambda function.
- `source_checksum` (String) The checksum of the Zambda source code.
- `status` (String) The status of the Zambda function.

<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Required:

- `expression` (String) The cron expression for the schedule.

Optional:

- `end` (String) The end time for the schedule.
- `retry_policy` (Attributes) The retry policy for the schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--retry_policy))
- `start` (String) The start time for the schedule.

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--retry_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.retry_policy`

Optional:

- `maximum_event_age` (Number) The maximum event age in seconds.
- `maximum_retry` (Number) The maximum number of retries.



<a id="nestedatt--file_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_info`

Read-Only:

- `last_modified` (String) The last modified time of the uploaded file.
- `name` (String) The name of the uploaded file.
- `size` (Number) The size of the uploaded file.
